and we already have over a decade
we saw emma watson grow thanks to
popular character from hard my own and without
However at 22 years old this charming
English actress must prove that her
career can go far beyond the
saga of harry potter
before loading to the magician's friendly row
most famous in the world
emma watson had only acted in works
school and for a long period in the
that co-starred the eight successful
deliveries Harry Potter did very little
out of the millionaire franchise only
two titles took her out of school
Hogwarts of magic and sorcery
praised British film for television
ballet shows of 2007 and the nice one
animation tape of I hope a small
great hero released at the end of 2008
in which the watson lends its voice to a
Princess
it is so now that it has come to an end
the saga that led her to fame and
became the best-paid actress in
hollywood
emma watson must fight the worst
enemy of his career the typecasting
in this sense the modeling has been one
of its main allies
turning it into an icon of the
fashion
and this item the watson has made
sessions for the most important
magazines of the world that has been image of
signatures like beverly and link in the
large screen has been dedicated to
work on various films of various
genres for the public to stop
see as a studious sorceress her
first job post harry potter was my
week with marilyn film in which the
we saw in a small role as an assistant
of wardrobe next year we can
enjoy it the deplai morín a
criminal drama of the famous filmmaker
sofia coppola and in nothing less than a
zombie comedy called 'the of the
world
if it were not enough everything indicates that it is going to
work on a new version of the
beautiful and the beast ' and the 2014
will face the universal flood next to
russell crowe in the darren movie
aronofsky on the ark of noah no
But the movie that brings you back
to our rooms to this adorable
interpreter is the advantages of being
invisible a juvenile film with
touches of comedy drama and romance that has
been very well received by the critic
based on the writer's best seller and
American filmmaker stephen
Schapanski who also heads the
movie this shows as a group of
misfit teenagers from
preparatory school faces the various
conflicts and problems of his age both
has given that talk about this production
independent that many connoisseurs
consider that it will become one of
those cult films that mark all
a generation like that among the applauded
performances of its three protagonists
emma watson simply shines with light
own I have a role that falls
as a ring to the finger since it has
allowed to exploit all its beauty
talent and charisma
and it is enough to see some of the
scenes of the advantages of being invisible
to ensure that the best is still around
come in emma watson's career for
we recommend you do not miss this
endearing movie that marks the
beginning of his new stage beyond
wands and spells